Protocol verifier, copyright INRIA-CNRS, by Bruno Blanchet
and Vincent Cheval, 2000-2015.

This package contains Windows executables, documentation, and examples
of a cryptographic protocol verifier. The material contained in this
package is under the BSD license (see file LICENSEBSD). The verifier
is also available in source form under GPL (from which you can rebuild
a GPL binary).

This software can be used to prove secrecy, authenticity, equivalence 
properties of cryptographic protocols.

INSTALL

* under Cygwin

Uncompress the binary and documentation archives using GNU tar:

	tar -xzf proverifbsd1.90.tar.gz
	tar -xzf proverifdoc1.90.tar.gz

This will create a directory named proverif1.90 in the current directory.

* under Windows 

Uncompress the archives proverifbsd1.90.tar.gz and 
proverifdoc1.90.tar.gz using Winzip, in the directory
of your choice. This will create a subdirectory named proverif1.90. 

The system can run under Windows, but it is not very Windows-friendly:
you have to use the command line to run the programs. Improving the interface
is on the to-do list...

USAGE

This software contains two executable programs, proverif and proveriftotex. 

The program proverif takes as input a description of a cryptographic
protocol, and checks whether it satisfies secrecy, authenticity, or
equivalence properties. The description of the protocol can have
several different formats.  The recommended format is the typed pi
calculus format, which is a dialect of the applied pi calculus (Abadi
and Fournet, POPL'01).  The description of the protocol is first
translated into Horn clauses, then the core of the verifier is called.
This input format is documented in the file docs/manual.pdf
(found in proverifdoc1.90.tar.gz). Examples of protocol descriptions 
can be found in the examples/pitype subdirectory. 
To run these examples, use 
        ./proverif <filename>.pv
or if your filename does not end in .pv,
        ./proverif -in pitype <filename>
For example:
	./proverif examples/pitype/secr-auth/NeedhamSchroederPK.pv

Other input formats are documented in the file docs/manual-untyped.pv
Research papers can be downloaded at
	http://prosecco.inria.fr/personal/bblanche/publications/index.html
They are not included in the distribution because of copyright differences.
(You cannot redistribute these papers.)

The program proveriftotex takes as input a protocol description
and converts it into a LaTeX file. This is useful for including
protocols in research papers.

The scripts "test" and "test-type" runs several tests (cygwin only):
You can run them by
         ./test all
         ./test-type all
The output of these scripts is written in the directory tests. The
filename of the output contains the argument of "test" and the
date/time of the run.

BUG REPORTS

Bugs and comments should be reported by e-mail to
	Bruno.Blanchet@inria.fr

MAILING LIST

A mailing list is available for discussions on ProVerif. New releases
are announced on this mailing list.

* If you wish to subscribe, send an email to sympa@inria.fr with subject
"subscribe proverif <your name>" (without quotes) and an empty body.

* To post a message on the list, send it to proverif@inria.fr. 
To avoid spam, only people that have subscribed to the list can post.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I would like to thank all users of ProVerif who contributed to the
development of the software by their helpful remarks.
From July 2008 to October 2010, the development of ProVerif was partly 
supported by DGA.


